Added more details as to how to setup events for GitHub discovery (#30044)
backstage/backstage: docs/integrations/github/discovery.md

## Events Support

The catalog module for GitHub comes with events support enabled. This will make it subscribe to its relevant topics (`github.push`, `github.repository`) and expects these events to be published via the `EventsService`.

### Prerequisites

> There are two Prerequisites to use the builtin events support: creating a webhook in GitHub and then installing and configuring `@backstage/plugin-events-backend-module-github` in your Backstage instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creating a webhook in GitHub and then installing and 
2. Configuring `@backstage/plugin-events-backend-module-github` in your Backstage instance.
```
Simplifies this I think?

#### Configure Webhooks in GitHub

You can check the official docs to [configure your webhook](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhooks/creating-webhooks) and to [secure your request](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhooks/securing-your-webhooks).

> The webhook(s) will need to be configured to react to `push` and `repository` events.

Reviewer 2: I think it might be good to mention what the "Payload URL" while creating the webhook would be as well. (For instance it would be `http://localhost/api/events/http/github` if setting up events using HTTP endpoint)

Author: Sure, added this along with a few other details about this setup. 👍

> Certain actions like `transferred` by the `repository` event type will not be supported when you use repository webhooks. Please check the GitHubs documentation for these event types and its actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain actions like `transferred` by the `repository` event type will not be supported when you use repository webhooks. Please check the GitHub documentation for these event types and their actions.
```

#### Install and Configure GitHub Events Module

> In order to use the builtin events support you'll need to install and configure `@backstage/plugin-events-backend-module-github`. This module will route received events from the generic topic `github` to more specific ones based on the event type (e.g., `github.push`). These more specific events are what the builtin events support is expecting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the built-in events support you'll need to install and configure `@backstage/plugin-events-backend-module-github`. This module will route received events from the generic topic `github` to more specific ones based on the event type (e.g., `github.push`). These more specific events are what the builtin events support is expecting.
```
